README.md, before:

![Title screen](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/screenshots/title_screen.png)

## Infeckshun
Infeckshun is a simple arcade shoot-em-up. Our plucky hero is a virus, bent on the destruction of its human host.

![Action screenshot](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/screenshots/action.png)

##The Cast
### Our hero
![Hero](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/hero_down_48x53.png)

Use the arrow keys to move around. Use the spacebar to shoot enemies.

### Enemies
![Enemy](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/bad_dude_64x64.png)

Watch out for these guys. They’re not terribly bright, but you’ll want to dispatch them quickly before they can gang up on you.

### Clone cells
![Clone cell](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/clone_host_128x126.png)

You can rupture these cells by hanging out inside for a couple seconds, sending clones out to attack the human host.

### Ammo cells
![Ammo cell](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/ammo_host_96x128.png)

Like clone cells, ammo cells rupture after a couple seconds of contact, leaving bullets behind. You’ll need plenty of bullets to fight off your enemies.

##Resources
Infeckshun uses the [FlashPunk](http://flashpunk.net) game engine. All included fonts may be found at [The League of Moveable Type](http://www.theleagueofmoveabletype.com). Graphical assets are courtesy of [Louise Briguglio](http://brigugl.io).

Commit message:

added the bullet image to the readme

README.md, after:

![Title screen](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/screenshots/title_screen.png)

## Infeckshun
Infeckshun is a simple arcade shoot-em-up. Our plucky hero is a virus, bent on the destruction of its human host.

![Action screenshot](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/screenshots/action.png)

##The Cast
### Our hero
![Hero](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/hero_down_48x53.png)

Use the arrow keys to move around. Use the spacebar to shoot enemies.

### Enemies
cleaned up the readme layout with some line breaks

Watch out for these guys. They’re not terribly bright, but you’ll want to dispatch them quickly before they can gang up on you.

### Clone cells
![Clone cell](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/clone_host_128x126.png)

You can rupture these cells by hanging out inside for a couple seconds, sending clones out to attack the human host.

### Ammo cells
![Ammo cell](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/ammo_host_96x128.png)

Like clone cells, ammo cells rupture after a couple seconds of contact, leaving bullets (![Bullets](https://raw.github.com/searlm/game-off-2012/master/src/assets/bullet_17x17.png)) behind. You’ll need plenty of bullets to fight off your enemies.

##Resources
Infeckshun uses the [FlashPunk](http://flashpunk.net) game engine. All included fonts may be found at [The League of Moveable Type](http://www.theleagueofmoveabletype.com). Graphical assets are courtesy of [Louise Briguglio](http://brigugl.io).
